You have so many harem concubines
All are beautiful
Why are you chasing me?
Life is fortunate to meet
Never meet
The luckiest thing in my life
Just meet you
If not for you
How can I become emperor?
rhetoric
I am sincere
You and me
From first sight
end in old age
glib
Your Majesty
What is this?
This is the announcement of the exhaust cannon that has just been developed
A long-range strike weapon
What is a long-range strike weapon?
What a weapon!
I lead the announcement
Made 50,000 musket
300,000 grenade
1,800 exhaust cannons
And 300,000 shells
With these strengths
What percentage of victory do you have against the Northern Yuan and the Japanese?
avoid it
With these strengths
I have a sincere grasp to defeat Beiyuan and Woo Hao
But 10 percent isn't enough.